Accountant Resume


Desired Industry: Accounting/Bookkeeping
SpiderID: 79744


Desired Job Location: Appleton, Wisconsin
Date Posted: 8/13/2017


Type of Position: Full-Time Permanent
Availability Date: 8/13/17


Desired Wage: 




U.S. Work Authorization: Yes


Job Level: New Grad/Entry Level
Willing to Travel: No


Highest Degree Attained: High School/Equivalent
Willing to Relocate: No




Objective:Professional Retail Manager with +3 years experience in a small business setting.  Driven and detail-oriented, I am proficient with building and maintaining professional relationships.  I am currently attending school for my Associate's Degree in Accounting.


Experience:Store Manager 08/2013 – 06/2017Good Nature EVAPOR | 420 E Northland Ave. Ste E. Appleton, WI 54911
Confer with potential customers regarding equipment needs and advise customers on types of equipment to purchase. 
Advise dealers and distributors on policies and operating procedures to ensure functional effectiveness of business. 
Confer or consult with department heads to plan advertising services and to secure information on equipment and customer specifications. 
Confer with potential customers regarding equipment needs and advise customers on types of equipment to purchase. 
Determine price schedules and discount rates. 
Direct and coordinate activities involving sales of manufactured products, services, commodities, real estate or other subjects of sale. 
Direct, coordinate, and review activities in sales and service accounting and record-keeping, and in receiving and shipping operations. 
Monitor customer preferences to determine focus of sales efforts. 
Plan and direct staffing, training, and performance evaluations to develop and control sales and service programs. 
Resolve customer complaints regarding sales and service.
Review operational records and reports to project sales and determine profitability.Operations Manager02/2012 – 08/2014Scott Phillips Trucking | 41 2nd Ave. Hawthorne, NJ 07506
Access computerized financial information to answer general questions as well as those related to specific accounts. 
 Calculate and prepare checks for utilities, taxes, and other payments. 
Calculate costs of materials, overhead and other expenses, based on estimates, quotations and price lists. 
Calculate, prepare, and issue bills, invoices, account statements, and other financial statements according to established procedures. 
Classify, record, and summarize numerical and financial data to compile and keep financial records, using journals and ledgers or computers. 
Compile statistical, financial, accounting or auditing reports and tables pertaining to such matters as cash receipts, expenditures, accounts payable and receivable, and profits and losses.
Compile statistical, financial, accounting or auditing reports and tables pertaining to such matters as cash receipts, expenditures, accounts payable and receivable, and profits and losses.
Complete and submit tax forms and returns, workers' compensation forms, pension contribution forms, and other government documents.
Comply with federal, state, and company policies, procedures, and regulations. 
Debit, credit, and total accounts on computer spreadsheets and databases, using specialized accounting software. 
Maintain inventory records. 
Match order forms with invoices, and record the necessary information. 
Monitor status of loans and accounts to ensure that payments are up to date. 
Operate 10-key calculators, typewriters, and copy machines to perform calculations and produce documents. 
Operate computers programmed with accounting software to record, store, and analyze information. 
Perform financial calculations such as amounts due, interest charges, balances, discounts, equity, and principal. 
Perform general office duties such as filing, answering telephones, and handling routine correspondence. 
Prepare and process payroll information.


Education:Appleton West High School	06/2004| High School Diploma
3.5 Cumulative GPAFox Valley Technical College	Currently Attending| Accounting Program
4.0 GPA 
Honors: Dean’s List – 1 semester


Skills:Skills
+3 years Retail Managment Experience
+3 years Inventory Management Experience
+3 years Quickbooks POS Experience
+2 years Payroll Experience
+2 years Bookkeeping Experience
+2 years Quickbooks Accounting Experience
Proficient with Microsoft Office
Ability to generate direct and indirect professional business correspondence.

Candidate Contact Information:


JobSpider.com has chosen not to make contact information available on this page.Click "Contact Candidate" to send this candidate a response.





