Graphic Designer Resume


Desired Industry: Advertising
SpiderID: 57415


Desired Job Location: Orlando, Florida
Date Posted: 1/30/2012


Type of Position: Full-Time Permanent
Availability Date: 


Desired Wage: 




U.S. Work Authorization: Yes


Job Level: Experienced with over 2 years experience
Willing to Travel: Yes, More Than 75%


Highest Degree Attained: Bachelors
Willing to Relocate: Yes




Objective:Thank you for your time; my name is Brandon Nevius. I’m a highly creative and multitalented Graphic Designer with extensive experience in multimedia, marketing and print design. Exceptional collaborative skills; dynamic team player with well-developed written and verbal communication abilities. Accustomed to performing in deadline driven environments with an emphasis on working within budget requirements. No Criminal Background, Reliable Transportation, Detail Oriented, Drug Free! 


Experience:PROFILEHighly creative and multitalented Graphic Designer with extensive experience in multimedia, marketing and print design. Exceptional collaborative and interpersonal skills; dynamic team player with well developed written and verbal communication abilities. Highly skilled in client and vendor relations and negotiations; talented at building and maintaining “win-win” partnerships. Passionate   and   inventive   creator   of   innovative   marketing   strategies; accustomed to performing in deadline driven environments with an emphasis on working within budget requirements. No Criminal Background, Reliable Transportation, Detail Oriented, Drug Free! Creative experience in the following:PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCEFuture 6, Orlando, Florida Graphic DesignerCreated new design themes for marketing and collateral materials. Collaborated with creative team  to  design  and  produce  computer-generated  artwork  for  marketing  and  promotional materials.  Participated  in  production  of  print  and  promotional  items  for  key  clients  under direction of the Marketing Department.Key Achievements:*Consistently recognized for fresh and innovative ideas.*Developed new art that increased overall quality of production and      improved older designs as well. PSS World Medical, Orlando, FloridaGraphic Designer – FilmmakerSuccessfully manage and coordinate graphic design/film projects from concept through completion. Collaborate with clients to create vision, conceive designs, and consistently meet deadlines and requirements Created design theme and graphics for marketing and sales presentations. Coordinate crew, consultants and vendors to meet all project requirements. Create and conduct highly persuasive sales and marketing presentations. Expertly convert features to benefits to achieve client objectives. Manage all operational, strategic, staffing, and administrative functions.Key Achievements:* Successfully completed client projects on time.  * Provided proposal layout and design for promotional/informational videos under extremely tight   deadlines.*Won best video on the impotents of Lean for the PSS World Medical Orlando FL, Branch.*Designed graphics, logos, and different layouts thought of the branch. Reel Dreams Productions, Orlando, Florida   Special effects/C.G. Designer/ElectricHelp create new design themes for marketing and collateral materials. Collaborated with creative team  to  design  and  produce  computer-graphic  artwork  for the film  and  other special effects .  Participated  in  production  as swing or electrician on the lighting team for the execution of design throughout the film “The Tenant” 2010.Key Achievements:*Created design theme and effects for some of the feature films C.G. computer graphics. *Participated in a team effort, to help complete a full-length feature film in the horror genre.*Ensuring the help of design and installation for lighting of the film during production and C.G./graphics during post-production.*Film sold and is now streaming on Netflix.


Education:EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUNDBachelor of Science in Film 2008Fill Sail UNIVERSITY, Winter Park, Florida


Skills:TECHNICAL PROFICIENCYPlatforms:     Mac , Windows 7/Vista/XP/Me/2000Applications:      Adobe Photoshop CS5.1, Adobe Premiere CS5.5, and Illustrator CS5.1; Macromedia Flash, Fireworks, and Dreamweaver CS5.5; MS FrontPage, Project, Adobe In Design CS5.5 and Office Suite (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint, Outlook)and more.

Candidate Contact Information:


JobSpider.com has chosen not to make contact information available on this page.Click "Contact Candidate" to send this candidate a response.





