Senior Accountant Resume


Desired Industry: Accounting/Bookkeeping
SpiderID: 55792


Desired Job Location: Los Angeles, California
Date Posted: 11/15/2011


Type of Position: Full-Time Permanent
Availability Date: 11/28/2011


Desired Wage: 65,000.00




U.S. Work Authorization: Yes


Job Level: Management (Manager, Director)
Willing to Travel: No


Highest Degree Attained: Bachelors
Willing to Relocate: No




Objective:An accounting and financial professional with 20+ years of experience in various aspects of accounting management, financial reporting, and analysis for public and private corporations, non-profits, and small businesses. Expertise includes full cycle accounting, financial statements preparation, tax preparations, and audits.  Strong supervisory, organizational, and computer skills.


Experience:COVENANT HOUSE CALIFORNIA Hollywood, CA                                                                             2008-2011Senior Accountant
Responsible for the monthly close as well as maintenance of all accounting ledgers.
Preparation of all financial reports, including Profit and Loss Statement, Balance Sheet and Statement of Cash Flow.
Responsible for invoicing and maintenance of government grants and contracts.
Reconcile donations from corporations, foundations, groups and individuals.
Prepare audit schedules and assist external auditors during reviews.
Perform bank reconciliations.
Analyze and reconcile general ledger and balance sheet accounts.MEMORIAL HOSPITAL OF GARDENA, Gardena, CA	2006-2008Accounting Manager	Senior Accountant                                                                                                                   2002-2006
Prepares daily cash report and borrowing base requests.
Responsible for month-end journal entries, accruals, and month-end closing.
Provide timely explanations of variances between actual results and budgets.
Analyze and reconcile general and subsidiary ledger balances.
Maintain fixed assets, CIP, and prepaid schedules.
Prepare OSHPD reports, sales taxes, and other governmental reports.
Assist PR Staff with bi-weekly payroll processing using ADP.
Prepare audit schedules and acts as primary contact for external auditors.
Supervise Accounts Payable, Payroll, and General Accounting Staff.
Reconcile intercompany accounts.HECNY TRANSPORTATION, INC. Inglewood, CA                                                                           2001-2002Senior Accountant (Temporary Assignment)
Responsible for all accounting functions for freight forwarder stations in NY, IN, TX, IL, WA, FL and KS.
Supervise of a staff of two accountants and one accounting clerk.
Calculate income for all air freight and ocean freight transactions.  
Review and approve journal entries.
Analyze payables and receivables for accuracy.
Maintain daily contact with local stations accountants to ensure bank deposits, payables and receivables are posted daily and correctly.
Prepare monthly profit and loss statements for review with CFO, Controller and Station Managers.
Coordinate annual independent audit and prepared audit schedules.
Review fixed asset ledgers and ensured all items were properly capitalized and depreciated.	WATTS HEALTH FOUNDATION, Inglewood, CA                                                                           1997-2001Accounting Manager
Responsible for the invoicing and maintenance of over seventy-five federal, state and local grants and contracts with funding totaling over 25 million dollars annually.
Supervise a staff of three accountants and one accounting clerk.
Coordinate audit performed by funding agencies, corporate auditors, and independent auditors by providing consultations and audit schedules.
Prepare Annual Report of Clinics, FQHC cost report, and other governmental/regulatory reports and schedules.
Review financial reports with Controller and Program Managers.CHILDREN’S DISCOVERY CENTERS, Petaluma, CA                                                                     1984-1996General Ledger Manager
Supervise a staff of four general ledger accountants.
Maintain, reconcile and administrate all general ledger accounts.
Review and approve journal entries prepared by general ledger accountants.
Prepare budgets for 250 child care centers and private schools.
Coordinated and prepared accurate and timely internal and external financial statements.
Assisted with the implementation of accounting systems, policies and procedures.


Education:Grambling State University1980-1984B.S.  Accounting and Information Systems.

Candidate Contact Information:


JobSpider.com has chosen not to make contact information available on this page.Click "Contact Candidate" to send this candidate a response.





